---
layout: default
title: "17.5.28"
parent: V8.0
nav_order: 201712917528
---

# Change logThis release contains minor improvements and bug fixes.Additional Autopilot features are now available on your vehicle.

### Side Collision Warning 

Side Collision Warning is a new Lane Assist feature that helps you change lanes safely. When Model S is traveling between 7 mph and 85 mph and detects an object close to its side, fluid lines will radiate from the Model S image in the Instrument Panel. When Model X is traveling between 7 mph and 85 mph and detects an object close to its side, fluid lines will radiate from the Model X image in the Instrument Panel. When Model S is traveling between 12 km/h and 140 km/h and detects an object close to its side, fluid lines will radiate from the Model S image in the Instrument Panel. When Model X is traveling between 12 km/h and 140 km/h and detects an object close to its side, fluid lines will radiate from the Model X image in the Instrument Panel.

### Automatic Emergency Braking 

Automatic Emergency Braking — a new Collision Avoidance Assist feature is designed to automatically engage the brakes to reduce the impact of an unavoidable frontal collision.Automatic Emergency Braking will stop applying the brakes when you press the accelerator pedal, press the brake pedal, or sharply turn the steering wheel.Automatic Emergency Braking is enabled by default. You can temporarily disable this feature via the AUTOMATIC EMERGENCY BRAKING setting in Controls > Settings > Driver Assistance > COLLISION AVOIDANCE ASSIST. Automatic Emergency Braking will reenable on your next drive.Note: Automatic Emergency Braking operates when you are driving at speeds between 10 mph and 28 mph. Automatic Emergency Braking operates when you are driving at speeds between 15 km/h and 45 km/h.For your reference, the previous Release Notes are included below.

### Introducing Enhanced Autopilot 

The first phase of Enhanced Autopilot features is now available on your vehicle. We’ve designed these new Autopilot features to give you more confidence behind the wheel, increase your safety on the road, and make driving in traffic less frustrating. Similar to the autopilot function in airplanes, you need to maintain control and responsibility of your vehicle while enjoying the convenience of Autopilot in Model S. Similar to the autopilot function in airplanes, you need to maintain control and responsibility of your vehicle while enjoying the convenience of Autopilot in Model X.These features operate on a new hardware and software platform. Therefore, their rollout will be measured and cautious until we have generated confidence across several hundred million miles of real-world usage. Enhanced Autopilot will become better over time as this experience is gained and corner cases are addressed. In the meantime, it is particularly important that you remain vigilant and in control when using driver assistance features.Autosteer, Traffic-Aware Cruise Control and Forward Collision Warning must be calibrated before they can be used. This process can take up to a day of driving.Please refer to the Owner’s Manual for more detailed information about these features.

### Forward Collision Warning 

A new active safety feature, Forward Collision Warning, is available with this release. This feature will warn you when there is an object in your path and a collision is likely unless you take corrective action.A Forward Collision Warning will sound a chime and highlight the vehicle in front of you in red in the instrument panel.You can set how early you’d like to be warned, or disable this feature, via the FORWARD COLLISION WARNING setting in Controls > Settings > Driver Assistance > COLLISION AVOIDANCE ASSIST. This feature is enabled by default. Any changes to this setting will be saved in your driver profile.

### Traffic-Aware Cruise Control (Beta) 

With this release, Model S cruise control has been upgraded to Traffic-Aware Cruise Control. When Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, Model S will adjust its speed based on the car directly in front of you, decelerating and accelerating as needed up to the set speed.With this release, Model X cruise control has been upgraded to Traffic-Aware Cruise Control. When Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, Model X will adjust its speed based on the car directly in front of you, decelerating and accelerating as needed up to the set speed.The Traffic-Aware Cruise Control set speed is displayed in the instrument panel to the left of the driving speed. Engage cruise at this set speed by pulling the cruise stalk toward you briefly and releasing.The Traffic-Aware Cruise Control indicator will turn blue, indicating that cruise is engaged and actively maintaining the set speed. Traffic-Aware Cruise Control also adjusts the driving speed as appropriate when entering and exiting curves.You can accelerate at any time when using Traffic-Aware Cruise Control. But when you release the accelerator, Model S returns to the set speed.You can accelerate at any time when using Traffic-Aware Cruise Control. But when you release the accelerator, Model X returns to the set speed.To adjust the Traffic-Aware Cruise Control set speed manually, simply tap on the cruise stalk up or down as needed. Tapping to the first detent will adjust the speed by 1 km/h and tapping to the second detent will adjust to the closest 5 km/h increment. Tapping to the first detent will adjust the speed by 1 mph and tapping to the second detent will adjust to the closest 5 mph increment. Other Traffic-Aware Cruise Control functions—engaging, disengaging, initially establishing a set speed, etc.—remain the same as the previous Model S cruise control. Other Traffic-Aware Cruise Control functions—engaging, disengaging, initially establishing a set speed, etc.—remain the same as the previous Model X cruise control.You can adjust the following distance to the car in front of you by rotating the end of the cruise stalk from 1, the shortest following distance, to 7, the longest following distance. This distance will vary depending on your speed.While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, you can immediately adjust your set speed to the speed determined by Speed Assist. Just pull the cruise stalk toward you, and your set speed will be the speed determined by Speed Assist—taking into account any OFFSET FROM SPEED LIMIT you’ve set.Note:While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, activating the left-turn signal will accelerate your Model S a bit faster than your current speed—if Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is tracking a car and you are traveling slower than your set speed. While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, activating the right-turn signal will accelerate your Model S a bit faster than your current speed—if Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is tracking a car and you are traveling slower than your set speed. While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, activating the left-turn signal will accelerate your Model X a bit faster than your current speed—if Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is tracking a car and you are traveling slower than your set speed. While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, activating the right-turn signal will accelerate your Model X a bit faster than your current speed—if Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is tracking a car and you are traveling slower than your set speed. Traffic-Aware Cruise Control will still maintain a following distance to the car in front, albeit shorter than normal. This is particularly useful when you need to pass a car on the left. This is particularly useful when you need to pass a car on the right.Note: This feature does not activate below 72 km/h. This feature does not activate below 45 mph.

### Low-Speed Autosteer (Beta) 

This release introduces Autosteer for low-speed traffic assistance on restricted-access highways. This first iteration of Autosteer makes highway driving easier by assisting you in maintaining your position in lane while in slow-moving traffic.It also engages Traffic-Aware Cruise Control to maintain speed while respecting a safe following distance to the car in front of you. Autosteer works well on highways when there are clear lane markings. It does not function reliably when a road has very sharp turns or when lane markings are absent, faded or ambiguous. Autosteer performance will also deteriorate in rainy, snowy, or foggy conditions. While Autosteer facilitates basic highway driving, it is vital that you pay attention to your driving environment so you can take over if needed.Autosteer is an assist feature that requires you to keep your hands on the steering wheel at all times. It is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear lane markings. Autosteer is also appropriate on other kinds of roads while in slow moving traffic. It should not be used on highways that have very sharp turns or lane markings that are absent, faded, or ambiguous. Autosteer engages Traffic-Aware Cruise Control to maintain speed while respecting a safe following distance to the car in front of you.The new Instrument Panel is designed to help you use Autosteer:Before you can use Autosteer, you must enable it via the AUTOSTEER setting in Controls > Settings > Driver Assistance > AUTOPILOT while Model S is on and in Park. Before you can use Autosteer, you must enable it via the AUTOSTEER setting in Controls > Settings > Driver Assistance > AUTOPILOT while Model X is on and in Park. To initiate Autosteer, pull the cruise control stalk twice in quick succession. Model S will chime to warn you whenever Autosteer is engaged or disengaged. Model X will chime to warn you whenever Autosteer is engaged or disengaged. Currently, Autosteer will be disabled at the end of each drive, and must be enabled each time you start a new drive. Eventually, as more customer miles on Autosteer are accumulated, your setting will be saved.In general, you must be traveling at least 30 km/h to engage Autosteer. When a vehicle is detected in front of you, you can engage Autosteer if you are traveling at least 8 km/h, or if you’re already using cruise control. In general, you must be traveling at least 18 mph to engage Autosteer. When a vehicle is detected in front of you, you can engage Autosteer if you are traveling at least 5 mph, or if you’re already using cruise control. In this release, Autosteer is available only below 80 km/h. In this release, Autosteer is available only below 50 mph. Once you've exceeded this speed, Autosteer will no longer be available.Always keep your eyes on the road and monitor Autosteer’s performance to determine when you need to take over steering:You must keep your hands on the wheel and monitor surrounding conditions and Autosteer’s performance at all times.Autosteer is available but not active. The driving lane is highlighted gray.Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is available, but Autosteer is unavailable.Autosteer is active. The driving lane is highlighted blue.Autosteer is steering Model S based on the lead car in front of you. Autosteer is steering Model X based on the lead car in front of you.Model S is receiving reduced sensor data or has detected your hands are no longer on the steering wheel. Model X is receiving reduced sensor data or has detected your hands are no longer on the steering wheel. Place your hands on the steering wheel.Autosteer is no longer steering Model S confidently. Autosteer is no longer steering Model X confidently. Take over steering immediately.Autosteer is no longer providing assistance confidently and cannot detect your hands on the wheel. You must place your hands on the wheel immediately.Take Over Immediately and Hold Steering Wheel: Hold Steering Wheel and Autosteer Is Aborting: If Model S does not detect you’ve taken the needed action, you’ll be warned with a chime. If you still do not take the needed action, you’ll hear continuous chiming and Model S will begin to slow down. If Model S still does not detect that you’ve taken the needed action, it will slow to a full stop. When this occurs, the hazard lights will turn on. If Model X does not detect you’ve taken the needed action, you’ll be warned with a chime. If you still do not take the needed action, you’ll hear continuous chiming and Model X will begin to slow down. If Model X still does not detect that you’ve taken the needed action, it will slow to a full stop. When this occurs, the hazard lights will turn on.Furthermore, if you leave your hands off the wheel or repeatedly ignore Autopilot prompts, Autosteer will disengage and remain unavailable for the duration of the drive.You can cancel Autosteer by taking over the steering, pressing the brake pedal, or pushing the cruise stalk away from you. You can cancel Autosteer by applying a small force on the steering wheel, pressing the brake pedal, or pushing the cruise stalk away from you. After canceling Autosteer, the driving lane and Autosteer icon on the Instrument Panel become gray to indicate that Autosteer is no longer active.Note: