---
layout: default
title: "2018.42.2"
parent: V9.0
nav_order: 201810142018422
---

# Change log

### Navigate on Autopilot (Beta)  - Model 3
[us]
{: .fs-1 }

Navigate on Autopilot intelligently suggests lane changes to keep you on your route, and makes adjustments so you don’t get stuck behind slow cars or trucks.Enable Navigate on Autopilot by going to Controls > Autopilot and first enabling Autosteer. For each route where the feature is available, you have the option of enabling or disabling it by pressing the NAVIGATE ON AUTOPILOT button located in your Navigation turn list.Once enabled for your route, Navigate on Autopilot can be activated on controlled-access roads by moving the gear lever fully down twice in quick succession. While activated, a single blue line will indicate the path ahead, keeping your car in the lane. Gray lines may appear to indicate upcoming lane changes based on your route or to suggest opportunities for you to move to a faster lane. When active, Navigate on Autopilot will also guide your car toward highway interchanges and exits based on your destination.Adjust how aggressive Navigate on Autopilot makes lane changes to keep your car at the set speed by changing the SPEED BASED LANE CHANGES setting which can be found in Controls > Autopilot > CUSTOMIZE NAVIGATE ON AUTOPILOT.Note: Before this feature can be enabled, camera calibration will be required, and the latest version of Navigation maps must be downloaded via WiFi.

### Navigate on Autopilot (Beta)  - Model S, Model X
[us]
{: .fs-1 }

Navigate on Autopilot intelligently suggests lane changes to keep you on your route, and makes adjustments so you don’t get stuck behind slow cars or trucks.Enable Navigate on Autopilot by going to Controls > Autopilot and first enabling Autosteer. For each route where the feature is available, you have the option of enabling or disabling it by pressing the NAVIGATE ON AUTOPILOT button located in your Navigation turn list.Once enabled for your route, Navigate on Autopilot can be activated on controlled-access roads by pulling the cruise stalk toward you twice in quick succession. While activated, a single blue line will indicate the path ahead, keeping your car in the lane. Gray lines may appear to indicate upcoming lane changes based on your route or to suggest opportunities for you to move to a faster lane. When active, Navigate on Autopilot will also guide your car toward highway interchanges and exits based on your destination.Adjust how aggressive Navigate on Autopilot makes lane changes to keep your car at the set speed by changing the SPEED BASED LANE CHANGES setting which can be found in Controls > Autopilot > CUSTOMIZE NAVIGATE ON AUTOPILOT.Note: Before this feature can be enabled, camera calibration will be required, and the latest version of Navigation maps must be downloaded via WiFi.

### Track Mode  - Model 3
[us ca mx]
{: .fs-1 }

Track Mode enables Tesla's performance-oriented stability control and powertrain settings configured for track driving. This mode is designed to be used exclusively on closed courses. To enable Track Mode for your current drive, shift into Park, then touch Controls > Driving > Track Mode.

### Keys  - Model 3
[us ca mx]
{: .fs-1 }

Your car now supports key fobs, which are available for purchase from Tesla. You can manage which key fobs or key cards have access to your car by going to Controls > Locks. To add a new key, touch the + button and follow the onscreen instructions. Once a key fob or key card is added to the key list, you can edit the name by touching the pencil icon. To remove a key from the key list, which removes its access to your car, touch the trash icon and follow the onscreen instructions. Once a key has successfully been added or removed, you will be notified via the Tesla mobile app.

### Viewing Applications with Media Player Open  - Model S, Model X
[ca us]
{: .fs-1 }

You can now use the Calendar, Energy, Rear Camera, and Phone applications at the same time as Media Player. When Media Player is open, these applications display above the Media Player window and can be dragged up or down to adjust the viewing position.

### Regenerative Braking  - Model 3
[us ca mx]
{: .fs-1 }

Regenerative braking force has been increased to improve the driving experience and increase how much energy is actively returned to the battery when slowing down.