---
layout: default
title: "2018.46.2"
parent: V9.0
nav_order: 201811112018462
---

# Change log

### Navigate on Autopilot (Beta)  - Model 3
[ca]
{: .fs-1 }

Navigate on Autopilot intelligently suggests lane changes to keep you on your route, and makes adjustments so you don’t get stuck behind slow cars or trucks.Enable Navigate on Autopilot by going to Controls > Autopilot and first enabling Autosteer. For each route where the feature is available, you have the option of enabling or disabling it by pressing the NAVIGATE ON AUTOPILOT button located in your Navigation turn list.Once enabled for your route, Navigate on Autopilot can be activated on controlled-access roads by moving the gear lever fully down twice in quick succession. While activated, a single blue line will indicate the path ahead, keeping your car in the lane. Gray lines may appear to indicate upcoming lane changes based on your route or to suggest opportunities for you to move to a faster lane. When active, Navigate on Autopilot will also guide your car toward highway interchanges and exits based on your destination.Adjust how aggressive Navigate on Autopilot makes lane changes to keep your car at the set speed by changing the SPEED BASED LANE CHANGES setting which can be found in Controls > Autopilot > CUSTOMIZE NAVIGATE ON AUTOPILOT.Note: Before this feature can be enabled, camera calibration will be required, and the latest version of Navigation maps must be downloaded via WiFi.

### Navigate on Autopilot (Beta)  - Model S, Model X
[ca]
{: .fs-1 }

Navigate on Autopilot intelligently suggests lane changes to keep you on your route, and makes adjustments so you don’t get stuck behind slow cars or trucks.Enable Navigate on Autopilot by going to Controls > Autopilot and first enabling Autosteer. For each route where the feature is available, you have the option of enabling or disabling it by pressing the NAVIGATE ON AUTOPILOT button located in your Navigation turn list.Once enabled for your route, Navigate on Autopilot can be activated on controlled-access roads by pulling the cruise stalk toward you twice in quick succession. While activated, a single blue line will indicate the path ahead, keeping your car in the lane. Gray lines may appear to indicate upcoming lane changes based on your route or to suggest opportunities for you to move to a faster lane. When active, Navigate on Autopilot will also guide your car toward highway interchanges and exits based on your destination.Adjust how aggressive Navigate on Autopilot makes lane changes to keep your car at the set speed by changing the SPEED BASED LANE CHANGES setting which can be found in Controls > Autopilot > CUSTOMIZE NAVIGATE ON AUTOPILOT.Note: Before this feature can be enabled, camera calibration will be required, and the latest version of Navigation maps must be downloaded via WiFi.

### Summon (Beta)  - Model 3
[ca]
{: .fs-1 }

With this release, Model 3 can be summoned in and out of narrow parking spaces using the mobile app. To enable this feature, tap Controls > Autopilot > Summon. To learn how to initiate, cancel, and customize Summon, refer to the Owner’s Manual.

### Climate  - Model 3
[us ca mx]
{: .fs-1 }

You can focus air from the vents onto one area, or pinch to split the airflow. The 3D visualization of the dashboard has been tuned to more clearly display airflow in the center region. To allow for more precision, you can now drag the air to the desired area instead of tapping.

### Cold Weather Improvements  - Model 3
[us ca mx]
{: .fs-1 }

Window position and charge connector locking behaviors have been optimized for cold weather.

### Mobile Access  - Model S, Model X, Model 3
[us ca mx at be bg hr cz dk ee fi fr de gi gr hu is ie it lv li lt lu mc nl no pl pt ro ru sk si es se ch tr gb au cn hk jp kr mo nz tw jo ae]
{: .fs-1 }

For additional security, your Tesla username and password will be required when disabling mobile access. To adjust the car's mobile access setting, go to Controls > Safety & Security > Allow Mobile Access.

### Charging Locations  - Model S, Model X
[mo]
{: .fs-1 }

In addition to Superchargers, you can now display destination chargers by touching the charging icon in the lower right corner of the map. Display details about any charging location by touching its pin.

This release contains minor improvements and bug fixes.
