---
layout: default
title: "17.11.3"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 201731217113
---

# Change log

### Improved Autosteer on Highways Summon (Beta) Auto Lane Change Lane Departure Warning 



### Side Collision Warning Forward Collision Warning Paid Supercharging Destination Charging Locations Voice Commands for Favorite Locations 
[tw]
{: .fs-1 }

Using voice commands to find a location in Maps is now more convenient. In addition to using voice commands to find a location, you can now use them to find one of your saved Favorites. Simply press the voice command button on the top right side of the steering wheel. When you hear the tone, say "Take me to...," "Navigate to...," "Drive to..." or "Where is..." with the name of the Favorite, exactly as it appears in your Favorites list. The touchscreen then displays a map with a pin dropped at the location you want to get to.Note: For easy reference, you can assign a unique name to a Favorite location. For example, "Where is Grandma's House?"

### Favorites Radio Station 

Eager to listen to your favorite songs on Streaming Personal Radio? You can now play a Streaming station that consists of your favorite songs as well as songs inspired by your favorites. When you rate a song with a thumbs-up, it's added to your Favorites Radio station. We also use it to tune your listening preferences.

### Ratings and Open Hours 

Looking for an open coffee shop nearby? Or maybe you want to find a highly rated health club? Now it’s easier to search and choose between destinations in Maps. When you tap a pin for a business, we show the associated Google rating, price range, phone number, address, and whether the destination is currently open or closed.

### Voice Commands for Favorite Locations 

Using voice commands to navigate to a location in Maps is now more convenient. In addition to using voice commands to navigate to a location, you can now use them to navigate to one of your saved Favorites. Simply press the voice command button on the top right side of the steering wheel. When you hear the tone, say "Take me to...," "Navigate to...," "Drive to..." or "Where is..." with the name of the Favorite, exactly as it appears in your Favorites list. The touchscreen then displays a map with the route to the location you want to get to.Using voice commands to find a location in Maps is now more convenient. In addition to using voice commands to find a location, you can now use them to find one of your saved Favorites. Simply press the voice command button on the top right side of the steering wheel. When you hear the tone, say "Take me to...," "Navigate to...," "Drive to..." or "Where is..." with the name of the Favorite, exactly as it appears in your Favorites list. The touchscreen then displays a map with a pin dropped at the location you want to get to.Note: For easy reference, you can assign a unique name to a Favorite location. For example, "Where is Grandma's House?"

### Easy Entry Falcon Door Height  - Model X

Different locations and weather conditions call for different opening heights of Falcon Wing doors. To help you control how high the doors open, we've added a new Falcon Door Height setting.When FALCON DOOR HEIGHT is set to its default mode of AUTO, Model X determines if it’s parked outside or inside (for example, in a garage) and opens the doors accordingly. If inside, the doors open to a lower height. Using the touchscreen, you can open them to their full height by tapping the Falcon Door buttons. To save your preference for this location, tap "Always Open Fully at This Location". The next time the vehicle is in the same location, the doors will open to their full height.You can change the setting to LOW in CONTROLS > Settings > Doors & Locks. When set to LOW, the Falcon Wing doors always open to a lower height. If the vehicle is outside in bad weather, the lower height shields the interior and passengers as they get in and out. It's also useful if you want to make a less showy arrival.Note: If Model X detects obstacles, Falcon Wing doors always open to a lower height relative to the obstacles, regardless of the Falcon Door Height setting.

### Headrest Adjustments 

We've added the ability to adjust the front seat headrests to provide better support for your head and neck while you drive. Simply press the button you use to adjust lower back support and a pop-up appears on the touchscreen with an image of the seat. Tap the headrest area and then make the adjustments. Your settings are then saved to your driver profile.