---
layout: default
title: "2017.40.1"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 20171012017401
---

# Change logWith this release, you can now keep your vehicle at a comfortable temperature while it's parked. We've also added power information for Superchargers so that you can easily find a charger that meets your charging needs, and Spanish as an option for your Model SModel X language.With this release, you can now keep your vehicle at a comfortable temperature while it's parked. We've also added power information for Superchargers so that you can easily find a charger that meets your charging needs, added Spanish as an option for your Model SModel X language, and provided Automatic Emergency Braking.With this release, you can now keep your vehicle at a comfortable temperature while it's parked. We've also added power information for Superchargers so that you can easily find a charger that meets your charging needs.With this release, you can now keep your vehicle at a comfortable temperature while it's parked. We've also added power information for Superchargers so that you can easily find a charger that meets your charging needs, and provided Automatic Emergency Braking.

### Keeping it cool... or warm 



Have you ever run errands on a hot day and wished you could keep the groceries cool while you step into another store? Or, maybe you want to take camping to the next level and sleep in your warm electric vehicle instead of a cold tent.


Starting now, you can keep your vehicle (and its contents) at the temperature you'd like, even after you've left the vehicle. To help make sure that you have enough battery to drive to your next destination, the climate control will automatically turn off when the battery level reaches 20%.


To set the climate control to stay on, tap the fan icon at the bottom of the touchscreen when your vehicle is parked. Set the climate control to KEEP CLIMATE ON, make adjustments if you'd like, then leave or stretch out in the back of your vehicle, knowing it will stay comfortably cool or warm.


While you're away from your Model SModel X, you can always turn the climate control on or off, adjust the temperature, and monitor your vehicle. A notification that the climate control has turned off because the battery has reached 20% reminds you to check on anything you've left in the vehicle.


Note: The next time you start your vehicle, the climate control will reset to the previous settings from your most recent drive.


### Supercharger power 



Supercharging your Model SModel X isn't always just about finding the nearest Supercharger. Sometimes it's about finding the one that will get you back on the road the quickest, even if it's a little farther away. Model SModel X now displays the maximum power available for each location, so you can choose the one that best fits your needs.


### More control with HomeLink 

You can now open your garage door right when you want to. At the top the touchscreen, tap the HomeLink icon in the status bar and then set how far from your garage HomeLink will automatically open the door.Checking Auto-close when leaving works the same way as always: the garage door will close as soon as you exit the garage.

### New language option: Spanish 

You can now select Spanish as your language for Model SModel X. You'll be able to use Spanish voice commands to find a location, make a phone call, or play media. For example, you can say "Navegar hacia casa" or "Llamar a Mama" or "Escuchar Los 40 Principales."To choose Spanish, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Language & Units. Then, select Español for the LANGUAGE and the NAVIGATION LANGUAGE, and Spain for the REGION FORMAT.

### Automatic Emergency Braking 

Automatic Emergency Braking, a new Collision Avoidance Assist feature, is designed to automatically engage the brakes to reduce the impact of an unavoidable frontal collision with another vehicle. The brakes disengage when you press hard on the accelerator pedal, release the brake pedal, or sharply turn the steering wheel.Automatic Emergency Braking is enabled by default. You can temporarily disable it by tapping CONTROLS > Settings > Driver Assistance > COLLISION AVOIDANCE ASSIST, and then disabling the AUTOMATIC EMERGENCY BRAKING setting. The feature is re-enabled on your next drive.Note: Automatic Emergency Braking is currently available when you're driving at speeds between 10 km/h7 mph and 80 km/h50 mph. The maximum speed at which Automatic Emergency Braking is available will increase in a future release.

### Additional improvements 

You can now save front row headrest adjustments to your driver profile.