---
layout: default
title: "2017.48"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 20171126201748
---

# Change log

With this release, it's now easier to get in and out of the driver's seat. We've also added a new acceleration option.


### Chill: a new acceleration option 

You can now choose between two acceleration options in your vehicle: Chill and Standard. Chill makes acceleration more gradual—ideal for smoother driving and a gentler ride for your passengers.

### Chill: a new acceleration option 

In addition to Sport and Insane, you can now select Chill as an acceleration option in your vehicle. This option makes acceleration more gradual—ideal for smoother driving and a gentler ride for your passengers.

### Chill: a new acceleration option 

In addition to Sport and Ludicrous, you can now select Chill as an acceleration option in your vehicle. This option makes acceleration more gradual—ideal for smoother driving and a gentler ride for your passengers.

To use the Chill option, tap CONTROLS > Controls > Driving. Then in ACCELERATION, choose CHILL.


### Easy entry for drivers 



Starting in this release, you can get in and out of the driver's seat more easily. When you park, the steering wheel and driver's seat will automatically adjust for an easier exit. After you return to the vehicle, they automatically adjust back to the recent driving profile when you step on the brake. Or, if your keyfob is linked to your driver profile, the seat and steering wheel adjust accordingly. As always, you can restore your profile by selecting it from the list.


To use your Easy Entry profile, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Driver Profiles, and check Use Easy Entry. When you're prompted, adjust the steering wheel and driver's seat, and save your changes to the Easy Entry Profile.


Note: Your Model SModel X has one Easy Entry profile, which is shared by all driver profiles.


### Additional improvements 

You can now open your garage door right when you want to. At the top the touchscreen, tap the HomeLink icon in the status bar and then set how far from your garage HomeLink will automatically open the door.Checking Auto-close when leaving works the same way as always: the garage door will close as soon as you exit the garage.