---
layout: default
title: "17.24.30"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 2017611172430
---

# Change log

With this release, we're continuing to improve your Model SModel X experience with software fixes and enhancements.


Welcome to your new Model SModel X! We continuously improve your vehicle with ongoing software releases. In this release, we're introducing software fixes and enhancements.


With this release, we're introducing Navigation and Autopilot features to help you drive with greater confidence and convenience.


### Navigation 
[tw]

Navigation for Model SModel X helps you drive to a destination with confidence. Search for your destination and Navigation will provide turn-by-turn directions to get you there. Whether you're going to a place you already know or one that's unfamiliar, we give you turn-by-turn guidance, maneuver details, voice reminders, and a bird’s eye view of your route to help you get to your destination. To give you peace of mind about your energy needs, Navigation estimates the percentage of energy that will remain at the end of both your trip and your return trip. Navigation is also integrated into other areas of the Model SModel X experience, such as charging locations, phone contacts, Calendar, and voice commands, making it easy and convenient to go anywhere.Navigation uses search to help you easily find a location in just a few taps. To get going on your trip, just search for a specific place, address, or category, and then tap NAVIGATE.Navigation provides detailed turn-by-turn instructions so that you can get a sense of where you're going, how much time it will take, and your estimated time of arrival.Navigation helps you avoid missing a turn. Throughout your route, the instrument panel highlights where you are in addition to pointing out cross streets and highway exits. As you get close to the next turn, Navigation makes sure you don't miss it by providing maneuver details at a glance and voice reminders.By using real-time traffic information, each route is optimized to save you time.Note: ONLINE ROUTING is turned on by default. You can see this setting by tapping CONTROLS > Settings > Apps > Maps & Navigation.Since driving conditions can change quickly with unexpected traffic or road detours, Navigation continues to check for improved routes. If there's a better route that saves time, Navigation automatically re-routes and updates your turn-by-turn instructions. You can control how aggressively the Navigation system updates your route by specifying how many minutes a re-route has to save. Simply adjust the CONTROLS > Settings > Apps > Maps & Navigation > RE-ROUTE IF IT SAVES MORE THAN setting.When you're using Navigation, we initially display a bird's eye view of your overall trip. At any point you can choose to drive in this mode by tapping the Route Overview icon.Or, you can return to one of the existing map views, such as North Up or Heading Up. Route Overview is ideal for longer trips when you want to monitor your progress relative to the overall route or want to check potential traffic. It also zooms in to give you the appropriate level of detail when you need it.Navigation provides several energy estimates so that you can plan your drives with peace of mind. An estimate of energy remaining in your Model SModel X battery at the end of a trip helps you decide ahead of time if you need additional charge. Similarly, Navigation shows an estimate of your round trip energy if it's expected to be low. If you prefer to always see your round trip energy estimate, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Apps > Maps & Navigation and turn on the ALWAYS SHOW ESTIMATED ROUND TRIP ENERGY setting.For additional detail, the Trip chart in the Energy app compares initial Navigation energy estimates against actual energy usage, letting you monitor your consumption throughout the entire drive to your destination.Navigation is integrated into other areas of your Model SModel X for a seamless driving experience.

### Traffic-Aware Cruise Control (Beta) 
[tw]

With this release, Model SModel X cruise control has been upgraded to Traffic-Aware Cruise Control to make driving more comfortable in traffic. When Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, Model SModel X will adjust its speed based on the vehicle directly in front of you, decelerating and accelerating as needed up to the set speed.The Traffic-Aware Cruise Control set speed is displayed in the instrument panel to the left of the driving speed. Engage cruise at this set speed by pulling the cruise stalk toward you briefly and releasing.The Traffic-Aware Cruise Control indicator turns blue, indicating that cruise is engaged and actively maintaining the set speed. Traffic-Aware Cruise Control also adjusts the driving speed as appropriate when entering and exiting curves.You can accelerate at any time when using Traffic-Aware Cruise Control. But when you release the accelerator, Model S returns to the set speed.You can accelerate at any time when using Traffic-Aware Cruise Control. But when you release the accelerator, Model X returns to the set speed.To adjust the Traffic-Aware Cruise Control set speed manually, simply tap on the cruise stalk up or down as needed. Tapping to the first detent will adjust the speed by 1 km/h and tapping to the second detent will adjust to the closest 5 km/h increment. Tapping to the first detent will adjust the speed by 1 mph and tapping to the second detent will adjust to the closest 5 mph increment. Other Traffic-Aware Cruise Control functions—engaging, disengaging, initially establishing a set speed, etc.—remain the same as the previous Model S cruise control. Other Traffic-Aware Cruise Control functions—engaging, disengaging, initially establishing a set speed, etc.—remain the same as the previous Model X cruise control.You can adjust the following distance to the vehicle in front of you by rotating the end of the cruise stalk from 1, the shortest following distance, to 7, the longest following distance. This distance will vary depending on your speed.While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, you can immediately adjust your set speed to the speed determined by Speed Assist. Just pull the cruise stalk toward you, and your set speed will be the speed determined by Speed Assist—taking into account any OFFSET FROM SPEED LIMIT you've set.Note:While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, activating the left-turn signal will accelerate your Model S a bit faster than your current speed—if Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is tracking a vehicle and you are traveling slower than your set speed. While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, activating the right-turn signal will accelerate your Model S a bit faster than your current speed—if Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is tracking a vehicle and you are traveling slower than your set speed. While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, activating the left-turn signal will accelerate your Model X a bit faster than your current speed—if Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is tracking a vehicle and you are traveling slower than your set speed. While Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is engaged, activating the right-turn signal will accelerate your Model X a bit faster than your current speed—if Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is tracking a vehicle and you are traveling slower than your set speed. Traffic-Aware Cruise Control will still maintain a following distance to the vehicle in front, albeit shorter than normal. This is particularly useful when you need to pass a vehicle on the left. This is particularly useful when you need to pass a vehicle on the right.Note: This feature does not activate below 72 km/h. This feature does not activate below 45 mph.

### Autosteer (Beta) Auto Lane Change 

With Autosteer, a new driver assistance feature, Model SModel X manages steering within a lane and uses Traffic-Aware Cruise Control to maintain speed in relation to surrounding traffic.Note: Autosteer requires you to keep your hands on the steering wheel at all times. It is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear lane markings. It should not be used on highways that have very sharp turns or lane markings that are absent, faded, or ambiguous. Autosteer engages Traffic-Aware Cruise Control to maintain speed while respecting a safe following distance to the car in front of you.The Instrument Panel is designed to help you use Autosteer:To use Autosteer you must first enable it via the AUTOSTEER setting in Controls > Settings > Driver Assistance > AUTOPILOT while Model SModel X is on and in Park.Then, before you can initiate Autosteer, you must be driving at least 8 km/h5 mph on a roadway with visible lane markings.Next, pull the cruise control stalk twice in quick succession. Model SModel X will chime to warn you whenever Autosteer is engaged or disengaged.Autosteer has a highway speed limit of 150 km/h90 mph. Once you've exceeded this speed, Autosteer will no longer be available.You must keep your hands on the wheel and monitor surrounding conditions and Autosteer’s performance at all times.Autosteer is available but not active. The driving lane is highlighted gray.Traffic-Aware Cruise Control is available, but Autosteer is unavailable.Autosteer is active. The driving lane is highlighted blue.Autosteer is steering Model S based on the lead car in front of you. Autosteer is steering Model X based on the lead car in front of you.Model S is receiving reduced sensor data or has detected your hands are no longer on the steering wheel. Model X is receiving reduced sensor data or has detected your hands are no longer on the steering wheel. Place your hands on the steering wheel.Autosteer is no longer providing assistance confidently and cannot detect your hands on the wheel. You must place your hands on the wheel immediately.Hold Steering Wheel and Autosteer Is Aborting: If Model S does not detect you’ve taken the needed action, you’ll be warned with a chime. If you still do not take the needed action, you’ll hear continuous chiming and Model S will begin to slow down. If Model S still does not detect that you’ve taken the needed action, it will slow to a full stop. When this occurs, the hazard lights will turn on. If Model X does not detect you’ve taken the needed action, you’ll be warned with a chime. If you still do not take the needed action, you’ll hear continuous chiming and Model X will begin to slow down. If Model X still does not detect that you’ve taken the needed action, it will slow to a full stop. When this occurs, the hazard lights will turn on.Furthermore, if you leave your hands off the wheel or repeatedly ignore Autopilot prompts, Autosteer will disengage and remain unavailable for the duration of the drive.You can cancel Autosteer by applying a small force on the steering wheel, pressing the brake pedal, or pushing the cruise stalk away from you. After canceling Autosteer, the driving lane and Autosteer icon on the Instrument Panel become gray to indicate that Autosteer is no longer active.Note: If you cancel Autosteer by using the steering wheel, Traffic-Aware Cruise Control will continue to maintain your driving speed.As always while using Autosteer, keep your hands on the steering wheel and maintain control of the vehicle at all times.Now you can easily and comfortably change lanes with just a tap of the Model SModel X turn signal. When both Traffic-Aware Cruise Control and Autosteer are active, Auto Lane Change steers Model SModel X into an adjacent driving lane.Changing lanes is simple: check to make sure that it’s safe to merge and then engage the turn signal in the direction of the lane you want to move into. The vehicle detects adjacent lanes, shows them on the instrument panel with highlighted solid lines, and moves itself in the direction specified.When the dashed lane line on the instrument panel becomes solid again, the lane change is complete and you may disengage the turn signal.Note:

### Summon 
[tw]

You can now park and retrieve Model SModel X from outside the vehicle. This is especially convenient for driving in and out of tight spaces and narrow garages.To exit a parking spot remotely, repeat your Autopark method.Note: Before you can use Summon, you must enable it. Tap CONTROLS > Settings > Driver Assistance > AUTOPARK and set SUMMON to ON.To stop Model SModel X while Summon is in process, do one of the following:Note:To specify how Summon operates: choose CONTROLS > Settings > Driver Assistance > AUTOPARK and tap CUSTOMIZE.

### Autopark: Parallel Parking 

Model SModel X can now parallel park on its own. To start Autopark, drive ahead of the available spot until you see the P on the instrument panel and then shift into reverse. The Autopark guide appears on the touchscreen along with the rear camera display. Once activated, Autopark begins to park your vehicle by controlling steering and vehicle speed.While Autoparking, always pay attention to your surroundings, especially pedestrians and your vehicle’s relative position to the curb. Although Autopark monitors the vehicle's surroundings, always be ready to cancel Autopark if needed.Note: Autopark is available when Model SModel X is traveling under 24 km/h15 mph and when the parking spot is defined by two vehicles and a curb.

### Autopark: Perpendicular Parking 
[!kr]

To make it easier to park in a variety of situations, Model SModel X can now also back up into perpendicular spaces using Autopark. Drive completely past the space at no more than 16 km/h10 mph until the P appears in the instrument panel. Then use the same Autopark functions as in parallel Autopark—starting, canceling, pausing, resuming, and so on.

### Updated Energy Estimation 
[!kr]

We’ve improved the accuracy of the estimation algorithm that calculates the range of your Model SModel X battery. Now when you view the distance remaining in your battery as kilometersmiles, the displayed range more accurately represents the capability of the battery. You may notice that the remaining kilometersmiles appear lower than you’re used to seeing, due to this update.

### Updated Energy Estimation Top Tether Position for Child Safety Seats  - Model X
[!kr]



### Display Brightness 
[!kr]

With Display Brightness, you can clearly see the touchscreen and instrument panel throughout the day and night. This feature adjusts screen brightness based on your Model SModel X surroundings. It also learns from your preferences: if you adjust the brightness manually, Display Brightness uses your update to make future adjustments.Display Brightness is enabled by default. To disable, uncheck Auto-adjust in Controls > Displays > BRIGHTNESS & MODES.

### Auto High Beam 

We've added a new setting, Auto High Beam, that makes using high-beam headlights more convenient by automatically switching to low beams to avoid shining too much light at other drivers. When you enable this setting and turn your high beams on, Model SModel X temporarily switches to low-beam headlights if traffic is detected in front of the vehicle.To enable Auto High Beam, tap CONTROLS > LIGHTS > AUTO HIGH BEAM on the touchscreen. Turn your high beams on as usual by pushing the turn indicator stalk away from you. The blue headlight indicator in the instrument panel displays a small A when high beams are on. This indicator turns gray when high beams are dimmed in response to surrounding light.