---
layout: default
title: "2018.10.4"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 2018342018104
---

# Change log

With this release, we've added the ability to open the front and rear trunks remotely.


With this release, we've increased the maximum speed at which Automatic Emergency Braking engages and changed when your Model 3 unlocks with a phone key. We've also rearranged the touchscreen icons.


### Opening your Model SModel X trunks remotely  - Model S, Model X

Need to load packages into your Model SModel X? Now you can open the front and rear trunks ahead of time using the Tesla mobile app, so that when you walk up to your vehicle, it's ready for you to easily place items inside.Note: Requires Tesla mobile app version 3.2.0 or later.

### Automatic Emergency Braking speed increase Unlocking with a phone key Rearranged touchscreen icons  - Model 3

The maximum speed at which Automatic Emergency Braking is available has increased from 80 km/h50 mph to 150 km/h90 mph.Automatic Emergency Braking is enabled by default. You can temporarily disable it by tapping the Controls icon on the bottom left corner of the touchscreen, and then tap Autopilot > Settings > Automatic Emergency Braking > OFF setting. The feature is re-enabled on your next drive.Note: The minimum speed at which Automatic Emergency Braking is available is 10 km/h7 mph.For added security, we’ve updated how your Model 3 unlocks the doors and trunk. Now, when you're next to the vehicle with a connected phone key, the doors unlock when you pull the handles and the trunk unlocks when you push the trunk switch.Thanks to customer feedback, we've rearranged the touchscreen icons so that what you use most often is even easier to reach. The Media Player and Phone icons are now located on the left side of the touchscreen.