---
layout: default
title: "2018.14"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 201841201814
---

# Change log

### New language option: French (Canada)  - Model 3
[ca]

You can now select French as your language for Model 3. You'll be able to use French voice commands to find a location, make a phone call, or play media. For example, you can say "Aller à Montréal" or "Appeler Renaud Paquet" or "Écouter Céline Dion."To choose French, tap the Controls icon on the bottom left corner of the touchscreen, tap Display, tap the gear icon in the top right corner, and then select Français for the Language and the Navigation Language.

### Accessing the Owner's Manual 



For faster access, the Owner's Manual is now also available from the About Your Tesla page. Simply tap the Tesla T at the top of the touchscreen and then tap Owner's Manual.


### Chill: a new acceleration option  - Model 3

You can now select Chill as an acceleration option in your vehicle. This option makes acceleration more gradual—ideal for smoother driving and a gentler ride for your passengers.To use the Chill option, tap the Controls icon on the bottom left corner of the touchscreen, tap Driving, and then in Acceleration, choose CHILL.

### Steering wheel button updates Automatic Emergency Braking speed increase Unlocking with a phone key Rearranged touchscreen icons  - Model 3

For your convenience, we've updated the functions of the scroll buttons on the steering wheel.The right scroll button now lets you quickly adjust Traffic-Aware Cruise Control settings. To increase or decrease the set cruising speed, roll the right button up or down. To adjust the follow distance between you and the vehicle ahead, press the right button to the left or right. You can still adjust these settings from the touchscreen and press down on the button to activate voice commands.The right scroll button now lets you quickly adjust the Cruise Control speed. To increase or decrease the cruising speed, roll the right button up or down. You can still adjust these settings from the touchscreen and press down on the button to activate voice commands.The left scroll button now lets you adjust your Model 3 side mirrors and steering wheel. Start by tapping the Controls icon on the bottom left corner of the touchscreen, and then tap Quick Controls > Adjustments.To adjust the mirrors, tap Mirrors and select the LEFT or RIGHT mirror icon. Then, scroll the left button up or down, or press it left or right.To adjust the steering wheel, tap Steering Wheel and scroll the left button up or down, or press it left or right.The maximum speed at which Automatic Emergency Braking is available has increased from 80 km/h50 mph to 150 km/h90 mph.Automatic Emergency Braking is enabled by default. You can temporarily disable it by tapping the Controls icon, and then tap Autopilot > Settings > Automatic Emergency Braking > OFF. This feature is re-enabled on your next drive.Note: Automatic Emergency Braking is available at a minimum speed of 10 km/h7 mph.For added security, we’ve updated how Model 3 unlocks the doors and trunk. Now, when you're next to the vehicle with a connected phone key, the doors unlock when you pull the handles and the trunk unlocks when you push the trunk switch.Thanks to customer feedback, we've rearranged the touchscreen icons so that the most frequently-used features are even easier to reach. The Media Player and Phone icons are now located on the left side of the touchscreen.

### Introducing new Navigation (Beta)  - Model S, Model X
[us ca]

Whether you’re on your daily commute or heading out to a new destination, you can rely on Navigation to give you the fastest route and provide more accurate estimated arrival times. It will route you around traffic jams and guide you through complex maneuvers when required.If traffic conditions change and there’s an alternate route that will save time, Navigation will automatically reroute you. As with the previous system, you can control how aggressively Navigation does this: just indicate how much time an alternate route should save by adjusting the setting in CONTROLS > Settings > Apps > Maps & Navigation > RE-ROUTE IF IT SAVES MORE THAN.Navigation prevents you from missing turns by giving you a clearer view of upcoming maneuvers. More responsive guidance prepares you for complicated intersections or multi-lane interchanges. Each turn and highway exit that you should take is clearly labeled in blue, whereas cross-streets or highway exits that you'll pass are labeled in black, to help you monitor your progress along the way. In addition, guidance and labels match real-world road and highway signs wherever possible.As you get closer to a maneuver, the instrument panel view will zoom in to provide greater clarity and, if necessary, will highlight the lane (or lanes) that you should be using. This makes it easier to see how close you are to the turn, the cross streets that you’ll pass, and which direction to take.We welcome feedback about the new Navigation. Send email to navfeedback@tesla.com, or press the voice commands button on the right side of the steering wheel and say "Note," followed by your comments.

### Improved Maps experience  - Model S, Model X
[kr]

With this release, we've added some new features to Maps. In addition to Trip view and North-Up view, Maps now supports Heading Up view: the map automatically rotates with the direction you're driving. Maps also has an updated night style, making it easier to see details in the dark.

### Passive Entry update  - Model S, Model X
[gb]

For added security, we’ve disabled Passive Entry. You can turn it on at any time by tapping CONTROLS > Settings > Doors & Locks, and setting PASSIVE ENTRY to ON.

### Opening front and rear trunks remotely  - Model S, Model X

Now you can open the front and rear trunks ahead of time using the Tesla mobile app. When you walk up to your vehicle, it's ready for you to easily place items inside.Note: Requires Tesla mobile app version 3.2.0 or later.

### Previous Release Notes Passive Entry update  - Model S, Model X
[nl]

For your reference, we're including information from previous Release Notes.For added security, we’ve disabled Passive Entry. You can turn it on at any time by tapping CONTROLS > Settings > Doors & Locks, and setting PASSIVE ENTRY to ON.

### Previous Release Notes Keep passengers warm with heated back seats  - Model 3
[us]

For your reference, we're including information from previous Release Notes.When the weather is cold, treat your backseat passengers to the luxury of warm seats. Tap the fan icon to access climate controls, then tap the Seats tab. Then, choose the seat you want heated and adjust the heat to your passenger's liking.