---
layout: default
title: "2018.4.1"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 2018121201841
---

# Change log

With this release, we've added the ability to choose the tire pressure unit.


With this release, we've added the ability to choose the tire pressure unit. We've also disabled Passive Entry, which you can turn on at any time.


With this release, we've added Canadian French as an option for your Model SModel X language, and added the ability to choose the tire pressure unit.


With this release, you can now use the touchscreen to access your Model 3 Owner's Manual, manage your phone keys, and choose the tire pressure unit.


### New language option: Canadian French  - Model S, Model X
[ca]

You can now select Canadian French as your language for Model SModel X. You'll be able to use Canadian French voice commands to find a location, make a phone call, or play media. For example, you can say "Aller à Montréal" or "Appeler Renaud Paquet" or "Écouter Céline Dion."To choose Canadian French, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Language & Units. Then, select Français Canadien for the LANGUAGE and the NAVIGATION LANGUAGE.

### Access the Owner's Manual from the touchscreen Manage your phone keys  - Model 3

For your reference and convenience, the Owner's Manual is now available from the touchscreen. Simply tap the Controls icon on the bottom left corner and then tap Service > Owner's Manual.Do you want to know which phone keys have access to your Model 3? Have you recently lost or upgraded your phone? Now you can see a list on the touchscreen of all your keys and remove the phone keys you don't want to have access anymore. For added security, we'll send you a mobile app alert whenever a key is successfully added or removed.To see your list of keys, tap Controls > Locks. To remove a phone key, click the trash icon. As always, use the Tesla Mobile app to set up a new phone key.Note: When your vehicle is set to Valet Mode, the list of keys is hidden.

### Tire pressure units 



You can now display your Model SModel XModel 3 tire pressure in BAR or PSI units.


To choose the tire pressure unit, tap CONTROLS > Display. Then tap the gear icon in the top right corner of the Controls window and set TIRE PRESSURE to BAR or PSI.


To choose the tire pressure unit, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Units & Format and set TIRE PRESSURE to BAR or PSI.


To choose the tire pressure unit, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Language & Units and set TIRE PRESSURE to BAR or PSI.


### Passive Entry update  - Model S, Model X
[nl]

For added security, we’ve disabled Passive Entry. You can turn it on at any time by tapping CONTROLS > Settings > Doors & Locks, and setting PASSIVE ENTRY to ON.

### Additional improvements  - Model S, Model X

Now, when you start a drive, the steering wheel will automatically warm up if you had it set to Heated Wheel during your most recent drive.

### Previous Release Notes Keep your windshield clear with automatic wipers (Beta) Improved Easy Entry  - Model S, Model X

For your reference, we're including information from previous Release Notes.