---
layout: default
title: "2018.6"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 20182420186
---

# Change log

With this release, we've added the ability to choose the tire pressure unit.


With this release, we've added the ability to choose the tire pressure unit. We've also disabled Passive Entry, which you can turn on at any time.


With this release, we've added Canadian French as an option for your Model SModel X language, and added the ability to choose the tire pressure unit.


With this release, you can now heat the rear passenger seats.


### New language option: Canadian French  - Model S, Model X
[ca]

You can now select Canadian French as your language for Model SModel X. You'll be able to use Canadian French voice commands to find a location, make a phone call, or play media. For example, you can say "Aller à Montréal" or "Appeler Renaud Paquet" or "Écouter Céline Dion."To choose Canadian French, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Language & Units. Then, select Français Canadien for the LANGUAGE and the NAVIGATION LANGUAGE.

### Tire pressure units  - Model S, Model X

You can now display your Model SModel X tire pressure in BAR or PSI units.To choose the tire pressure unit, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Units & Format and set TIRE PRESSURE to BAR or PSI.To choose the tire pressure unit, tap CONTROLS > Settings > Language & Units and set TIRE PRESSURE to BAR or PSI.

### Passive Entry update  - Model S, Model X
[nl]

For added security, we’ve disabled Passive Entry. You can turn it on at any time by tapping CONTROLS > Settings > Doors & Locks, and setting PASSIVE ENTRY to ON.

### Keep passengers warm with heated back seats  - Model 3

When the weather is cold, treat your backseat passengers to the luxury of warm seats. Tap the fan icon to access climate controls, then tap the Seats tab. Then, choose the seat you want heated and adjust the heat to your passenger's liking.

### Additional improvements 



Now, when you start a drive, the steering wheel will automatically warm up if you had it set to Heated Wheel during your most recent drive.


In addition, if you ever need to contact Tesla Roadside Assistance, now you can do it quickly from the touchscreen.If you ever need to contact Tesla Roadside Assistance, now you can do it quickly from the touchscreen. Make sure your Bluetooth-enabled phone is paired with your Model SModel XModel 3, tap the Tesla "T" at the top center of the touchscreen, and then tap the Roadside Assistance phone number at the bottom of the popup. You'll be immediately directed to a roadside service professional for your vehicle's region, no matter what day or time you call.
