---
layout: default
title: "2018.21.1"
parent: V8.1
nav_order: 20185202018211
---

# Change log

### Introducing new Navigation (Beta)  - Model S, Model X

Whether you’re on your daily commute or heading out to a new destination, you can rely on Navigation to give you the fastest route and provide more accurate estimated arrival times. It will route you around traffic jams and guide you through complex maneuvers when required.If traffic conditions change and there’s an alternate route that will save time, Navigation will automatically reroute you. As with the previous system, you can control how aggressively Navigation does this: just indicate how much time an alternate route should save by adjusting the setting in CONTROLS > Settings > Apps > Maps & Navigation > RE-ROUTE IF IT SAVES MORE THAN.Navigation prevents you from missing turns by giving you a clearer view of upcoming maneuvers. More responsive guidance prepares you for complicated intersections or multi-lane interchanges. Each turn and highway exit that you should take is clearly labeled in blue, whereas cross-streets or highway exits that you'll pass are labeled in black, to help you monitor your progress along the way. In addition, guidance and labels match real-world road and highway signs wherever possible.As you get closer to a maneuver, the instrument panel view will zoom in to provide greater clarity and, if necessary, will highlight the lane (or lanes) that you should be using. This makes it easier to see how close you are to the turn, the cross streets that you’ll pass, and which direction to take.We welcome feedback about the new Navigation. Send email to navfeedback@tesla.com, or press the voice commands button on the right side of the steering wheel and say "Note," followed by your comments.

### Auto High Beam  - Model 3
[us ca]
{: .fs-1 }

With this release, Auto High Beam is now available. When you turn your high beam headlights on and this feature is enabled, Model 3 automatically switches to low beam headlights when another vehicle is detected in front of you. To toggle this feature on or off, tap Controls > Lights > AUTO HIGH BEAM. Refer to the Owner’s Manual for additional information.

### Cards  - Model 3
[us ca]
{: .fs-1 }

You can now navigate faster between cards. A single swipe to the right or left displays the trips or vehicle status card, respectively.The wiper card is now a temporary card and automatically dismisses after a few seconds, similar to the voice command card. You can manually dismiss either by swiping down.

### Media Player  - Model 3
[us ca]
{: .fs-1 }

A new source switcher has been added to easily cycle between audio sources (Radio, Streaming, TuneIn, Phone) whenever the Media Player is open. Additionally, Radio and Streaming have a new browse view to easily find what you are looking for. Direct Tune was also added to Radio to quickly and accurately jump to any FM radio station.

### Mobile Connector improvement  - Model S, Model X

If an update is needed for your mobile connector and your vehicle has finished charging, you will see a notification on the instrument cluster indicating that an update is in progress. This update will take approximately 2 minutes to complete.