---
layout: default
title: "2.7.77"
parent: V7.0
nav_order: 20022102777
---

# Change log

### A New, Modern Look 



The first thing you’ll notice with this release is the modern, clean look of the touchscreen and Instrument Panel. The Instrument Panel is focused on the Autopilot driving experience, and information is displayed only when relevant. At the same time, more information about your vehicle is now available on demand: there are two new Instrument Panel apps and we’ve expanded the functionality of two existing Instrument Panel apps. Additionally, the app windows are now larger so you can see more information in the 17" touchscreen.


The first thing you’ll notice with this release is the modern, clean look of the touchscreen and Instrument Panel. The Instrument Panel is focused on the driving experience, and information is displayed only when relevant. At the same time, more information about your vehicle is now available on demand: there are two new Instrument Panel apps and we’ve expanded the functionality of two existing Instrument Panel apps. Additionally, the app windows have been enlarged to make the most of the 17" touchscreen.


The first thing you’ll notice with this release is the modern, clean look of the touchscreen and Instrument Panel. The Instrument Panel displays more information about your vehicle: there are two new Instrument Panel apps and we’ve expanded the functionality of two existing Instrument Panel apps. Additionally, the app windows have been enlarged to make the most of the 17" touchscreen.
The new Instrument Panel design features a real-time visualization of the road as detected by the car’s sensor systems, providing information about your vehicle’s surroundings as well as context for how Model S will behave when Autopilot features are engaged.

### New and Redesigned Instrument Panel Apps 



### New and Redesigned Instrument Panel Apps/Warnings 



Car Status App


Car Status View


Monitor tire pressure, seatbelt warnings, and door status with the new Car Status app. Even when you are not viewing this app, it will appear in the Instrument Panel to notify you when there are any important warnings.


The new Car Status view appears when there are important warnings—e.g., when a door is left open or a seatbelt is not fastened.


Trips App


The Trips app displays vehicle performance information for your current trip and since your last charge.


The Trips app displays vehicle performance information for your current trip and since your last charge. Additionally, the odometer is available here and in the About Your Tesla Screen.
Energy AppEasily monitor Model S’s overall energy consumption and instantaneous power usage with the redesigned Energy app. Even if not selected, the app will appear when power is limited so you can adjust your driving appropriately.

### Status Bar Changes 



A new control on the status bar allows you to quickly lock or unlock your Model S. The battery icon has also been redesigned: It still provides quick access to the Charge Panel but also shows you if there is a charge scheduled when you plug in your car.


Charging in progress


Charging scheduled


### New Autopilot Features 

Blind Spot Warning has been upgraded to Side Collision Warning, further enhancing Model S’s active safety capabilities. Side Collision Warning has increased sensing range, alerting you to objects, such as cars, that are too close to the side of your vehicle. When Model S detects an object close to its side, fluid lines will radiate from the Model S image in the Instrument Panel.Side Collision Warning is enabled by default. You can disable it via the Side Collision Warning setting in Controls > Settings > Driver Assistance > LANE ASSIST.Note: Side Collision Warning is available when Model S is traveling between 30 km/h and 140 km/h.Note: Side Collision Warning is available when Model S is traveling between 20 mph and 85 mph.Note: Side Collision Warning is available when Model S is traveling between 30 km/h and 140 km/h.Note: Side Collision Warning is available when Model S is traveling between 20 mph and 85 mph.Note: Side Collision Warning is available when Model S is traveling between 30 km/h and 140 km/h.Note: Side Collision Warning is available when Model S is traveling between 20 mph and 85 mph.

### Navigation Improvements 
[jp]

The Navigation app has been improved to provide more flexibility in locating and navigating to points of interest:

### Driving Experience Improvements 

Vehicle Hold is an improved version of Hill Start Assist that holds the vehicle for an extended period of time on all grades, including flat roads. When Vehicle Hold is engaged, Model S will now continue to apply the brakes after you remove your foot from the brake pedal. To engage Vehicle Hold, press the brake pedal while at a standstill. When Vehicle Hold is engaged, a gray icon will appear in the top right corner of the Instrument Panel. To disengage Vehicle Hold, press the accelerator pedal or press and release the brake pedal. Vehicle Hold was designed for driver convenience and comfort and should not be relied upon as an alternative to putting the vehicle in Park.Note: Creep is temporarily disabled when Vehicle Hold is engaged.

The performance of the climate control system has been significantly improved. The system will now reach your desired temperature more quickly while using less energy.
Torque Sleep technology developed for Dual-Motor Model S has now been activated in Rear-Wheel Drive Model S. When at a standstill, the motor will now completely de-energize and seamlessly re-energize when needed. Torque sleep and wake-up saves energy and is so fast it’s imperceptible.