---
category: V9.0
title: '2018.48.12.1'

layout: nil
---

## Change log


#### Mobile App

When you precondition your car using the mobile app, you can now turn on, off, or adjust any of your seat heaters. If available in your car, you’ll also be able to turn on your steering wheel heater. Note Requires mobile app version 3.8.0 or greater.

#### Keep Climate On (Model 3)

You can now keep your car (and its contents) at the temperature of your choice, even after you’ve left. To help ensure that you have enough battery to drive to your next destination, the climate control will automatically turn off if the battery level reaches 20%.

You can always monitor your car and adjust the temperature using the Tesla mobile app. You will receive a notification that the battery has reached 20% and that the climate control has turned off. This reminds you to check on anything you’ve left in the car.

To see the climate control to stay on, tap the fac icon at the bottom of the touchscreen when your car is parked. Enable keep Climate On and make any adjustments. You can leave knowing that your car will stay comfortably cool or warm.

Note: The next time you drive your car, the climate control will reset to the previous settings from your most recent trip.

#### Emissions Testing Mode

Prank your friends with Tesla’s Emissions Testing Mode. To setup, tap the Tesla ‘T’ at the top of the center of the touchscreen, then tap the whoopee cushion icon in your Easter Egg tray. Select your desired sound and choose the seat where you want to sound to originate from. When ready, play the whoopee cushion sound by pressing the left scroll wheel button.

#### Romance Mode

Experience the warmth of our virtual fireplace with Romance Mode. To enable Romance Mode when your car is in Park, tap the Tesla ‘T’ at the top center of the touchscreen, then tap the fireplace logo in your Easter Egg tray.


<i>This release contains minor improvements and bug fixes</i>

## Web

<a href="https://electrek.co/2018/12/18/tesla-software-update-winter-video-game-mars/">Electrek</a>
